Clean up JS integrations code samples and intro lang (#2107)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/node/common/integrations/pluggable-integrations.mdx

Available options:

```JavaScript
{

>   depth: number; // limit of how deep the object serializer should go. Anything deeper than the limit will be replaced with standard Node.js REPL notation of [Object], [Array], [Function] or primitive value. Defaults to 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // limit of how deep the object serializer should go. Anything deeper than limit will 
   // be replaced with standard Node.js REPL notation of [Object], [Array], [Function] or 
   // a primitive value. Defaults to 3.
  depth: number;
```

Available options:

```JavaScript
{

>   root: string; // root path that will be appended to the basename of the current frame's url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // root path that will be appended to the basename of the current frame's url 
  root: string; 
  
```

>   iteratee: (frame) => frame); // function that takes the frame, applies any transformation on it and returns it back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // function that takes the frame, applies a transformation, and returns it
  iteratee: (frame) => frame); 
```
